rewrite EUI-64 format, explaining why dNSName (#69)
thomas-fossati/draft-tls13-iot: draft-ietf-uta-tls13-iot-profile.md

The subject alternative name extension MAY be set. If it is set, it MUST NOT be
marked critical, except when the subject DN contains an empty sequence.

> Per {{!RFC9525}}, when an end-entity certificate is used to respond to TLS connections (as a server), then in order to comply with formats valid for the SNI {{RFC8446}}, the use of a dNSName format for the SubjectAltName is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
According to {{!RFC9525}}, when an end-entity certificate is used to respond to TLS connections as a server, it must include a dNSName in the SubjectAltName extension to comply with the Server Name Indication (SNI) format defined in {{RFC8446}}.
```

When the server identity is given by an EUI-64 format, then it MUST be encoded in a subjectAltName of type DNS-ID {{RFC9525, Section 1.5}}, as a string
of the form `HH-HH-HH-HH-HH-HH-HH-HH` where 'H' is one of the symbols '0'-'9'
or 'A'-'F'.

> Domain names MUST NOT contain wildcard (`*`) characters. The subjectAltName  MUST NOT contain multiple names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Domain names MUST NOT contain wildcard ('*') characters. The subjectAltName MUST NOT contain multiple names.
```
